README.md, before:

This helper will use the golden tests structure to create snapshots of your
widget tests, with no changes in the tests itself.

## Features

- Group cascading structure;
- folders with index to avoid conflicts;
- variants support;
- automatically saves snapshots for these triggers:
  - `tester.pump()`
  - `tester.pumpWidget()`
  - `tester.pumpAndSettle()`
  - failed `expect()` calls

<br/>

**Folder structure:**
`_snapshots/<group_index>. <group_name>/<test_index>. <test_name>/<snapshot_index>. <trigger>.png`<br/>
`_snapshots/1. my group/1. my custom test/1. pumpWidget.png`<br/>

## Getting started

Add `golden_screenshots` to the `dev_dependencies` section in your
`pubspec.yaml` file:

```yaml
dev_dependencies:
    golden_screenshots: ^0.0.1
```

## Usage

Replace the import `package:flutter_test/flutter_test.dart` with
`package:golden_screenshots/golden_screenshots.dart` in the test file that you
want to generate screenshots for:

```dart
// import 'package:flutter_test/flutter_test.dart';
import 'package:golden_screenshots/golden_screenshots.dart';
```

Now you simply run your tests with the `flutter test` command and the snapshots
will be generated in the `_snapshots` folder.

## Additional information

You can find more information about the package in the
[documentation](https://pub.dev/documentation/golden_screenshots/latest/).

You can also find the package in the
[pub.dev](https://pub.dev/packages/golden_screenshots) page.

You can also contribute to the package by creating a pull request or by
reporting an issue.

Commit message:

refactor: rename to test_snapshots

README.md, after:

This helper will use the golden tests structure to create snapshots of your
widget tests, no changes required in the tests itself.

## Features

- Group cascading structure;
- folders with index to avoid conflicts;
- variants support;
- automatically saves snapshots for these triggers:
  - `tester.pump()`
  - `tester.pumpWidget()`
  - `tester.pumpAndSettle()`
  - failed `expect()` calls

<br/>

**Folder structure:**
`_snapshots/<group_index>. <group_name>/<test_index>. <test_name>/<snapshot_index>. <trigger>.png`<br/>
`_snapshots/1. my group/1. my custom test/1. pumpWidget.png`<br/>

## Getting started

Add `test_snapshots` to the `dev_dependencies` section in your
`pubspec.yaml` file:

```yaml
dev_dependencies:
    test_snapshots: ^0.0.1
```

## Usage

Replace the import `package:flutter_test/flutter_test.dart` with
`package:test_snapshots/test_snapshots.dart` in the test file that you
want to generate screenshots for:

```dart
// import 'package:flutter_test/flutter_test.dart';
import 'package:test_snapshots/test_snapshots.dart';
```

Now you simply run your tests with the `flutter test` command and the snapshots
will be generated in the `_snapshots` folder.

## Additional information

You can find more information about the package in the
[documentation](https://pub.dev/documentation/test_snapshots/latest/).

You can also find the package in the
[pub.dev](https://pub.dev/packages/test_snapshots) page.

You can also contribute to the package by creating a pull request or by
reporting an issue.
